hey guys so today in this video I'm
going to be showing you guys a getting
ready for picture day and unfortunately
I only had enough time to film my makeup
but here are a few pictures of the
outcome and I will have an outfit of the
day on my vlog channel super soon so I
will leave a link below where you can
check that out once it's up but we can
just go ahead and get started with my
getting ready video so when I wake up in
the morning I pretty much look half dead
and I don't even know how I function but
I'm going to start off on my makeup so i
take my Urban Decay primer potion and
this is just the original one and I'm
just putting that on my eyelids and
blending it all in just to make sure
that our eye shadows will look perfect
for picture day then i'm taking my
maybelline color tattoo and this is in
barely branded and i'm just taking a
little bit of this and putting it on
both of my eyelids just to give a nice
shimmery base to my eye shadow then I'm
taking booty call from my naked 2
palette and I'm just putting it all over
both of my eyelids right on top of where
we put the cream eyeshadow taking tease
also for my naked 2 palette and I'm just
putting that in decrease to prep it for
the darker colors that we are going to
put there
and I'm taking a dark grey color from my
BH Cosmetics 120 color palette 5th
edition what a mouthful but in putting
that on the outer corners of my eyelids
just to add some darkness and definition
and also add some gray tones to the look
taking two darker gray colors from the
same BH Cosmetics palette and I'm just
putting these in the outer part of the
eye just like we did the other gray
color but this is just going to add a
little more dimension then I'm taking
foxy from my naked 2 palette as well and
I'm just putting that on my brow bone
just to highlight the look
then I'm taking a gray color from my BH
Cosmetics and this is the same color we
used before and I'm just running this
along my lower lash line
then I'm blending out to the entire look
you
and I'm taking my covergirl liquid line
blast eyeliner in this is just a brown
eyeliner and I'm just tight lining my
eyes to make my eyelashes look a little
bit thicker and this is not going to be
as harsh as black because we are using
eyeliner and that is my NYX the curve
liquid liner and that's my favorite
eyeliner of all time it has a felt tip
so you can get the perfect line if
you're good at liquid liner which I am
NOT but we can pretend right so I'm just
putting a thin sort of line on my upper
lash line
then I'm taking my Mary hey brow pencil
and this is just in brunette and I'm
just putting this on my eyebrows just to
add some definition and it's going to
frame my face and my eyebrows are really
sparse so I'm just applying this to
darken them up and filled them in a
little bit
then I'm taking my Maybelline clear
mascara and this is just the great lash
mascara and I'm just putting this over
my brows just to make sure that they
don't melt off and we don't have funky
hair sticking out in our pictures
because that's not cute then I'm curling
my eyelashes using my forever 21 eyelash
curler and I'm just curling one eye at a
time today don't know why I just felt
like it and then i'm taking my benefit
they're real mascara and this is my
favorite mascara all time and i'm just
putting that on my upper lashes and then
i'm just going to curl the other eye and
apply some more mascara doing the exact
same thing and then i'm just going to
coat some mascara on my bottom lashes
you can just watch those Clips
you
then I'm taking my bare minerals
primetime foundation primer and this is
the neutralizing one so it's kind of
like a yellow tone and this is just
going to cancel out any redness and it's
going to help neutralize the color so
that it will be a perfect base for my
foundation or anything that I'm putting
on top of it and it's also going to make
sure that my makeup stays on all day for
my pictures
then I'm taking my benefit Porefessional
primer and I'm putting this on my pores
where they're the biggest so I'm putting
this on my nose and my cheeks
also putting it on my forehead where I
have those nasty wrinkles come in and
then I'm also putting it on my chin then
I'm taking my bare minerals original
foundation and this is in medium beige
and I'm just taking my bare minerals
brush and I'm just applying this all
over my entire face and les is
definitely more when it comes to bare
minerals products but it just gives the
flawless finish to your face so I'm just
putting on the foundation
you
then I'm taking my benefit fake up
concealer and this is just a really
really really moisturizing and
brightening up concealer for any
blemishes and also under your eyes so
I'm just putting this underneath of my
eyes and taking my hoola bronzer by
benefit and I'm just putting this pretty
much everywhere mostly focusing it in
the hollows of my cheeks my temples
forehead and my jawline but you can kind
of go crazy on picture day with bronzer
because pictures kind of wash out your
face a little bit so you always want to
make sure to get your jaw line again
just to make sure that everything
matches and blend everything out really
well
then I'm taking my coralista blush again
by benefit and I'm just taking an angled
blush brush and just applying this from
the apples of my cheeks all the way up
toward my temple and it's just a really
pretty coralie shimmery blush and then
i'm taking my mini little Sunbeam by
benefit and i'm just putting this on my
forehead nose Cupid's bow chin and the
tops of my cheekbones just to highlight
everything and give a little bit more of
a dewy look to my face because I want my
face to look really dewy and pretty in
my pictures
then I'm taking my two favorite lip
glosses in the entire world and these
are the NYX butter glosses my favorite
one which I'm using now is in vanilla
cream pie and my other favorite is an
eclair and i'm putting that right over
the top of that and that is all the
footage that I got because my camera
shut off but that is the finished look
like I said a full outfit of the day
will be on my vlog channel but that is
how everything I turned out and I'm
really sorry I couldn't fill my hair but
my makeup took so long that I totally
ran out of video time but i will leave a
link below where you can watch a
tutorial on how i did my hair so thank
you guys so so much for watching be sure
to like this video and subscribe if you
liked it i love you all so so so much
and I will see you in my next video bye
guys